https://www.grandautomotive.eu/about-us

Grand Automotive aspires to connect people around Europe with excellent vehicles that improve the quality of mobility.
Discover Grand Automotive, the leading car importer and dealer in 15 key markets across Central and Southeast Europe. We offer a wide range of top-quality vehicles and personalized services to improve your driving experience. Our team is dedicated to not just selling cars, but also providing flexible financing and excellent after-sales support. Experience innovation and excellence with Grand Automotive, your partner in every journey.
Grand Automotive, being 95% owned by Taavura Holdings, leverages extensive experience across the automotive, logistics, and finance sectors. Supported by top management and key shareholders in financial services, our team is driven by a passion for automotive excellence, dedicated to delivering cutting-edge mobility solutions to our customers.
Taavura Group
Taavura is Israel’s largest road haulage & logistics company. Its main activities include transportation of vast quantities of raw materials, earth moving and explorations, vehicles haulage, air cargo terminal and port operations, 21 logistics centers, bus operations as well as import to Israel and distribution of a portfolio of vehicles, machinery and automotive products.
Driving Excellence Across Europe
Grand Automotive is proud to serve as a cornerstone of the automotive industry in Central and Southeast Europe. With a strategic footprint spanning 15 dynamic markets, our mission is to deliver unparalleled automotive excellence and innovative mobility solutions to our diverse customers.
WHERE WE OPERATE
01
Austria
02
Czech Republic
03
Slovakia
04
Slovenia
05
Croatia
06
Bulgaria
07
Hungary
08
Serbia
09
North
Macedonia
10
Bosnia &
Herzegovina
11
Albania
12
Montenegro
13
Kosovo
14
Greece
15
Cyprus

[footer]
Grand Automotive
LLP
Taavura Group
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Brand Guidelines
Contact
About Us
Our Diverse Brands
Featured Vehicles
What We Provide
Where We Operate
© 2026 Grand Automotive LLP Taavura Group | Design by Emett.live