https://www.grandautomotive.eu/terms-and-conditions

Terms & Conditions
Legal Notice
The website is a collection of sub-pages at www
.grandautomotive.eu
. All rights reserved. The information and material on the web address www
.grandautomotive.eu
are protected by the intellectual property rights of the presented brands, for which company Grand Automotive LLP is the importer, and whose contents are included on www
.grandautomotive.eu
. The images on the website are only symbolic and purely informative. All data and information mentioned on the website are temporary and subject to change, just as in the textual part, we reserve the right to make mistakes.
Limitation of Liability
All information and materials on www.grandautomotive.eu
are provided for informational purposes. Grand Automotive LLP endeavors to ensure the optimal functioning of the website but does not assume any responsibility or guarantee uninterrupted use. All users access the website at their own risk. Neither Grand Automotive LLP, nor any other natural or legal person involved in the creation, origin, and production of the website or currently involved in upgrades and new information and materials, shall be liable for any damages resulting from access, use, or inability to use the information and materials on the website or for any errors or deficiencies in their content.
Grand Automotive LLP cannot be held responsible for any damages (including those caused by viruses) to computer equipment, cell phones, or any other applications through which the site is accessed, because you visited the site or any use thereof. Grand Automotive LLP cannot be held responsible for any damages of any kind that may arise from the use or inability to use the website. Grand Automotive LLP strives for the accuracy, currency, and completeness of the data contained on these pages but does not assume any responsibility for their accuracy, currency, and completeness.
Limitation on Use of Information and Materials
You may download the information and materials displayed on this site from the internet for your personal home use if you do not modify the copyright notices, other intellectual property rights notices, or other rights notices. Uploading and printing information and materials to view and read for non-commercial purposes is permitted. Any other copying, distribution, republishing, or modification of the information and materials on www.grandautomotive.eu , or their transmission by mail and distribution in any other way without prior written permission is prohibited. It is also prohibited to use any element of the website for any purposes other than exclusively personal, non-commercial, or domestic use.
Grand Automotive LLP is not responsible for the form and content of web pages that are in any way connected to the website. Responsibility for visiting and using linked websites lies solely with the user; in all cases, liability is excluded. This legal notice from Grand Automotive LLP may change at any time and is binding on users in any modified form, so we recommend that you monitor these changes on this page if you use the website. By using this page, you represent and confirm that you are aware of and agree to our terms and conditions. Use of the site contrary to the stated rules is prohibited. The user who uses the pages in a way that is contrary to the stated rules is fully materially and criminally responsible.
CLICK HERE FOR BRAND GUIDELINES

[footer]
Grand Automotive
LLP
Taavura Group
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Brand Guidelines
Contact
About Us
Our Diverse Brands
Featured Vehicles
What We Provide
Where We Operate
© 2026 Grand Automotive LLP Taavura Group | Design by Emett.live